Gmail	Oliver Saintilien <osaintilien55@gmail.com>
Save up to an EXTRA 20% off sitewide now!
1 message
Walgreens <walgreens@eml.walgreens.com>	Sun, Mar 5, 2023 at 7:51 AM
Reply-To: Walgreens <support@e.walgreens.com>
To: osaintilien55@gmail.com

Select offers require myWalgreens membership. See offer terms & conditions

header
Rx
Savings
Walgreens
Shop
Photo
Your Area is Experiencing High undefined Cases

Save big sitewide Extra 15% off
Your deals have arrived shop your weekly ad
Picked Just for You ›
Display images to show real-time content
Display images to show real-time content
Display images to show real-time content
Deals of the week ›
Display images to show real-time content
Display images to show real-time content
Display images to show real-time content
Boost your health all season ›
Up to 50% off select vitamins & supplements
Vitamins
Diagnostics
Medicine
Best of the rest ›
See all Photo Deals
Pick up & drop off at Walgreens
25% off contacts with code CONTACT25
24 hr delivery banner

Enjoy no annual fee and $0 fraud liability with the myWalgreens credit card
Order online for Free 1-hour Delivery at $35+ >
Display images to show real-time content

Shop Walgreens your way
30-minute Pickup 30-minute Pickup
1-hour Delivery 1-hour Delivery
Free shipping at $35+ Free shipping at $35+
Local store hours Local store hours
Mobile app banner

Offer details

All Retail Product Offers, Valid Through March 11 2023 : Restrictions apply. Buy 1 get 1 offers valid on select items of equal or lesser price (must add 2 eligible items to cart to receive discount). Offers available at Walgreens.com with the purchase of eligible products. Void where prohibited by law. Orders must be placed by 11:59 p.m. Central Time on 03/11/2023 to qualify. Timing is determined by Walgreens server clock. Offers do not apply to bulk orders, back-ordered items, and out of stock items. Not redeemable for cash or transferable, and void where prohibited. Walgreens reserves the right to make changes to or discontinue any offer at any time. 

COVID-19 Testing: * No-cost COVID-19 testing is available to patients ages 3+. Patients will not receive a bill from Walgreens or any lab partner. If you receive a Diagnostic Test and have insurance, you will be asked to show your insurance card at the appointment and the lab may bill your insurer. State and federal programs may also provide no-cost testing in your area, click here to view a current list of our government-sponsored testing partners.

Vaccines subject to availability. State-, age- and health-related restrictions may apply.

Weekly Ad: Offers displayed are for visual purposes only. See Weekly Ad for this week’s deals.

*Extra 15% off $30+ sitewide with code MARCH15: Offer available only on Walgreens.com. Code MARCH15 is valid up to 1 use per order, 3 uses per account on select items. The purchase requirement of $30 must be met in a single transaction, after discounts, and before taxes, shipping fees, store credit, and redemption dollars are applied. Offer does not apply to photo orders, Deal of The Week products, Gift of The Week products, phone/prepaid/gift cards, All Alcohol Products, Enfamil, Similac, Nestle, Enfagrow, Boost Kid Essentials, Gerber, Mead Johnson, Nutricia, PurAmino, Smart Care, Purell, Avene, Drive Medical, HurryCane, Oral-B, Philips Sonicare, Philips Norelco, Crest, Burt's Bees, BioSciences, Huggies, Seventh Generation, Luvs, Pampers, GoodNites, Honest, Eco by Naty, Well Beginnings, Ninjamas, Funko, Hasbro, Melissa and Doug, Lego, Marvel, Earth's Best, TRESemme, Squishmallow, Body Lift, Flamingo, Pokemon, Trading Cards, Clean 'N Natural, MedZone, Soo 'AE, Harry's, Birchbox Shop products, CBD products, Alli Weight Loss Aid, select Luxury Beauty Brands, Select As Seen On TV products, Walgreens Ready Response, all Electronics, Batteries, select Medical Nutrition products, select Drive Medical products, Prescription Savings Club membership fee, Pharmacy, Photo Orders, Gift Cards, Taxes or Shipping Charges. Code must be entered at time of checkout to apply discount. Code cannot be combined with any other promotional codes on the same product. Orders must be placed by 11:59 p.m. Central Time March 11th 2023 to qualify. Timing is determined by Walgreens server clock. This offer does not apply to bulk orders, back ordered items, and out of stock items. Not redeemable for cash or transferable, and void where prohibited. Walgreens reserves the right to make changes to or discontinue this offer at any time.

*Extra 20% off $60+ sitewide with code MARCH20: Offer available only on Walgreens.com. Code MARCH20 is valid up to 1 use per order, 3 uses per account on select items. The purchase requirement of $60 must be met in a single transaction, after discounts, and before taxes, shipping fees, store credit, and redemption dollars are applied. Offer does not apply to photo orders, Deal of The Week products, Gift of The Week products, phone/prepaid/gift cards, All Alcohol Products, Enfamil, Similac, Nestle, Enfagrow, Boost Kid Essentials, Gerber, Mead Johnson, Nutricia, PurAmino, Smart Care, Purell, Avene, Drive Medical, HurryCane, Oral-B, Philips Sonicare, Philips Norelco, Crest, Burt's Bees, BioSciences, Huggies, Seventh Generation, Luvs, Pampers, GoodNites, Honest, Eco by Naty, Well Beginnings, Ninjamas, Funko, Hasbro, Melissa and Doug, Lego, Marvel, Earth's Best, TRESemme, Squishmallow, Body Lift, Flamingo, Pokemon, Trading Cards, Clean 'N Natural, MedZone, Soo 'AE, Harry's, Birchbox Shop products, CBD products, Alli Weight Loss Aid, select Luxury Beauty Brands, Select As Seen On TV products, Walgreens Ready Response, all Electronics, Batteries, select Medical Nutrition products, select Drive Medical products, Prescription Savings Club membership fee, Pharmacy, Photo Orders, Gift Cards, Taxes or Shipping Charges. Code must be entered at time of checkout to apply discount. Code cannot be combined with any other promotional codes on the same product. Orders must be placed by 11:59 p.m. Central Time March 11th 2023 to qualify. Timing is determined by Walgreens server clock. This offer does not apply to bulk orders, back ordered items, and out of stock items. Not redeemable for cash or transferable, and void where prohibited. Walgreens reserves the right to make changes to or discontinue this offer at any time.

Contacts: Contact lenses automatically ship for free. FREE Standard Shipping also applies to general store merchandise, contact lens solutions and accessories under 10 lbs. when part of a contact lens order. Items ship separately.

Delivery Details: Delivery in as little as 1 hour based on national averages, actual times may vary. Exclusions and restrictions apply. Delivery or 1-hour Delivery is available daily from 9 am to 10 pm for eligible items when your order is $35 or more (after promo codes and paperless coupons are applied and before taxes). However, delivery hours and order cut-off times may vary by store location. Some deliveries may not be eligible for 1-hour Delivery or Delivery in as little as 1 hour due to delivery address, holidays, weather or other delivery constraints. Prescriptions are not eligible for 1-hour Delivery but may be eligible for delivery through Walgreens Express®. At this time, delivery of orders containing alcohol is limited to select IL and FL stores. Available delivery hours for select age-restricted items may vary by store location. Deliveries must either be entirely accepted or rejected. No partial order acceptance is permitted. Most deliveries do not require an individual's presence or signature. However, if your order contains an age-restricted item, you will be required to show a valid government ID to verify age. A signature may also be required to accept orders containing alcohol.

† For New Accounts: myWalgreens™ Credit Card Variable Purchase APR is 30.74%. myWalgreens™ Mastercard® Variable Purchase APRs are 21.74%, 27.74% and 30.74%. Minimum Interest Charge is $2. APRs are accurate as of December 1, 2022, and will vary with the market based on Prime Rate.

myWalgreens Credit Card: *Must be a myWalgreens® member. Walgreens Cash rewards are not legal tender. No cash back. Walgreens Cash rewards good on future purchases. Exclusions apply. Complete details, including Walgreens Cash rewards expiration dates, at myWalgreens® Terms and Conditions. Purchases with a myWalgreens credit card are subject to credit approval. See credit card Rewards Terms and Conditions for program details.

Pickup Details: Pickup in as little as 30 minutes based on national averages, actual times may vary. Exclusions and restrictions apply. Pickup or 30-minute Pickup is available for eligible items when your order is $10 or more (after promo codes and paperless coupons are applied and before taxes). There is no additional fee for pickup. For Walgreens store locations that are not open 24 hours, orders must be placed at least one hour prior to store closing to be eligible for same-day pickup. Otherwise, the order will be ready next business day. You will receive an email or text (if opted in) when your order is ready for pickup. Orders are not guaranteed to be ready within the 30-minute time window. We will notify you if there is a delay and will hold your order for 72 hours before canceling. Depending on your selected pickup store, you may have up to three options for pickup: curbside, drive-thru or in-store pickup. Orders containing prescriptions may be picked up at the pharmacy counter or drive-thru. Select items (e.g., liquids, perishables, bulky items) are not compatible with drive-thru pickup. If your order contains such an item, you may be asked to pick it up curbside or in store. Orders containing age-restricted items are not eligible for curbside pickup. If your order contains age-restricted items, you will need to pick up your order in store or at the drive-thru and provide a valid government ID to verify your age. Available pickup hours for select age-restricted items may vary by store location.

Same Day Delivery: Daily delivery is Monday through Sunday 9 a.m. to 9 p.m. Orders must be placed by 7 p.m., but hours may vary by store location. Some deliveries may not be eligible for same day due to delivery address, holidays, weather or other delivery constraints. Deliveries must be either entirely accepted or rejected. No partial order acceptance permitted. Please note that an individual's signature or presence may not be required upon delivery. Prescriptions not eligible but may be available through Rx Same Day Delivery. Orders containing age-restricted items require you to present a valid government ID to verify your age at delivery. Other exclusions may apply. For details, visit Walgreens.com/SameDayDelivery

Shipping: Free shipping on Walgreens.com orders of $35+. Restrictions apply. Free shipping details | Free Ship to Store details | Walgreens return policy

Vitamin Angels: From 1/1/18-12/31/23, Walgreens will donate 1% of participating products' retail sales to Vitamin Angels. Visit Walgreens.com/vitaminangels for details.

Walgreens Cash rewards: Must be a myWalgreens™ member. Walgreens Cash rewards are not legal tender. No cash back. Walgreens Cash rewards good on future purchases. Purchase requirement must be met in a single transaction, before taxes and shipping, and after discounts, store credit and redemption dollars are applied. Rewards cannot be earned on photo orders not picked up in store, alcohol, dairy, tobacco, gift cards, sales tax and shipping, or items or services sold by third-party partners. Rewards promotions based on prescriptions or other pharmacy purchases limited to $65 Walgreens Cash rewards per calendar year, but cannot be earned on prescriptions or services purchased from AR, NJ or NY pharmacies or prescriptions transferred to a Participating Store located in AL, MS, OR, PR, TN, or VA, prescriptions received through mail-order services. Only completed prescriptions are eligible to earn rewards. Walgreens Cash rewards applied after all discounts, percentages off and manufacturers' coupons but before sales tax. Other exclusions apply. For complete details, see terms and conditions.

Coupons Offers: Limit 1 storewide coupon redeemed per transaction. Present coupon at checkout in store, or clip to myWalgreens™ account to use in store or online (must be logged in). Valid thru 03/11/2023 with myWalgreens membership. Walgreens Cash rewards are not legal tender. No cash back. Walgreens Cash rewards good on future purchases. Purchase requirement must be met in a single transaction, before taxes and shipping, and after discounts, store credit and redemption dollars have been applied. Void if copied or transferred. Rewards cannot be earned on photo orders not picked up in store, alcohol, dairy, tobacco, gift cards, clinic services, prescriptions, pharmacy items or services, sales tax and shipping, or items or services sold by third-party partners. Other exclusions apply. Complete details, including Walgreens Cash rewards expiration dates, at myWalgreens.com

Preferences

Was this forwarded from a friend? Click here to join the fun and officially subscribe.
You are receiving this email because osaintilien55@gmail.com is signed up to receive Walgreens communications. If you no longer wish to receive these emails, please click here . We're always here if you'd like to come back.

Contact us

Have questions, comments or just want to drop us a line? We're always here to listen, so contact us. Our mailing address is Walgreen Co., 200 Wilmot Rd. MS #2002, Deerfield, IL 60015-4620. All rights reserved.

View as webpage | Privacy Policy

ACC: wagOP897:wagDM49313


